README.md, before:

﻿# Make BDD Name

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/uc2k1h13o26xn0om?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/jrockwood/makebddname)

Download the extension at the
[VS Gallery](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/00d78ffb-9c19-49b4-a522-f551553414bb)
or get the
[nightly build](http://vsixgallery.com/extension/3ad8ab11-a54c-4f40-8926-d25d05ac7ec6/)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A Visual Studio extension that adds menu commands to convert a class or method
name to and from a BDD-style sentence.

See the [changelog](CHANGELOG.md) for updates and roadmap.

## Features

Easily type a BDD-style sentence in quotes for a class or method name, and then
hit `Ctrl+', Ctrl+'` or select "Make BDD Name" from the shortcut menu.

![Make BDD Name menu](art/menu.png)
![Make BDD Name menu](art/aftercommand.png)

Watch a video of the usage [here](art/demo.mp4).

## Prerequisites
In order to use this extension you must have Visual Studio 2015 installed.

## Contribute
Check out the [contribution guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) if you want to
contribute to this project.

For cloning and building this project yourself, make sure to install the
[Extensibility Tools 2015](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/ab39a092-1343-46e2-b0f1-6a3f91155aa6)
extension for Visual Studio which enables some features used by this project.

## License
[Apache 2.0](LICENSE.txt)

Commit message:

Add a screen shot of the options page to the documentation

README.md, after:

﻿# Make BDD Name

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/uc2k1h13o26xn0om?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/jrockwood/makebddname)

Download the extension at the
[VS Gallery](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/00d78ffb-9c19-49b4-a522-f551553414bb)
or get the
[nightly build](http://vsixgallery.com/extension/3ad8ab11-a54c-4f40-8926-d25d05ac7ec6/)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Do you like to use a Jasmine/BDD style of naming your C#/VB test methods? Are
you tired of typing an underscore between words? Then this extension is for you!

See the [changelog](CHANGELOG.md) for updates and roadmap.

## Features

Easily type a BDD-style sentence in quotes for a class or method name, and then
hit `Ctrl+', Ctrl+'` or select "Make BDD Name" from the shortcut menu.

![Make BDD Name menu](art/menu.png)
![Make BDD Name menu](art/aftercommand.png)

Watch a video of the usage [here](art/demo.mp4).

Specify what format you want your BDD sentences in from Tools/Options.
* Underscores and lower case (`should_do_something`)
* Underscores and sentence case (`Should_do_something`)
* PascalCase (`ShouldDoSomething`)

![Options Page](art/options.png)

You can convert to and from existing names. For example, if you have an existing
method named `ShouldDoSomething` and your options specify "Underscores and
lower case", then invoking the command with your selection somewhere within the
method name will convert the method to `should_do_something`.

## Prerequisites
In order to use this extension you must have Visual Studio 2015 or Visual Studio
2017 installed.

## Contribute
Check out the [contribution guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) if you want to
contribute to this project.

For cloning and building this project yourself, make sure to install the
[Extensibility Tools 2015](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/ab39a092-1343-46e2-b0f1-6a3f91155aa6)
extension for Visual Studio which enables some features used by this project.

## License
[Apache 2.0](LICENSE)
